Adding many-to-many caveat (#4555)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/uibuilder/slots.mdx

Dynamically rendering child components is where component slots get very useful - you can even [pass another collection](/console/uibuilder/override/#nesting-collections) into this component slot. 

<Callout note>

>   <strong>Important Note</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Limitation: Many-to-many relationships</strong>
```

  <p>

>     Currently, Component Slots only support one-to-many data relationships, like one Post to many Comments. Many-to-many relationships will be added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic nested data fetching for many-to-many relationships is currently not supported. Currently, component slots only automatically fetches data for [has One](/cli/graphql/data-modeling/#has-one-relationship) and [has Many relationships](/cli/graphql/data-modeling/#has-many-relationship), like one Post to many Comments. 
```
